Members: Zhan Hao Xu, Sudan Wang, Zihao Wang, Weldon Yang, Ruoqi Shi

Coronavirus News


User Story:

As a business professional, I want to be aware of the status from news and how covid affects industries and businesses in each country so I can financially plan and invest properly.



Description:

If everything goes right, the business professional should immediately reach the interactive map. For each country present on the interactive map, the country that this business professional chose to view should display Corona-Virus related news for this specific country.

Since the business professional simply gets a view of the data, the only possible error that can occur will be the interactive map website crashing or the social media sites not working. Thus, as long as both are working, everything should proceed smoothly.


If the business professional wants to share what he/she finds, please refer to the Sharing Information User Story as all information relating to this topic has been documented there.

If the business professional wants to know a country's Coronavirus statistics, please refer to Coronavirus Statistics User Story as all information relating to this topic has been documented there.

If the business professional wants to obtain information regarding travelling between countries, please refer to Corona-Virus Travel Advisory User Story as all information relating to this topic has been documented there.




Uodate: this User story have been changed to Statistics(US State) User story:

As a concerned US citizen/someone who goes to school aboard in the US, I want to be aware of the status of conrona virus by state to make preparation once I arrive in the given state.

If everything goes right, the concerned US citizen/someone who goes to school aboard in the US will be able to check the confirmed cases by state by typing in the state name and the submit button.

Since the concerned US citizen/someone who goes to school aboard in the US simply gets a view of the darta, the only possible error that can occur will be the website crashing or the API displaying the statistics stops working.

If the concerned US citizen/someone who goes to school aboard in the US wants to share what he/she finds, please refer to the Sharing Information User Story as all information relating to this topic has been documented there.

If the concerned US citizen/someone who goes to school aboard in the US wants to know a country's Coronavirus statistics, please refer to Coronavirus Statistics User Story as all information relating to this topic has been documented there.

If the concerned US citizen/someone who goes to school aboard in the US wants to know the global ConronaVirus Statistics, please refer to Coronavirus Travel Advisory user story(It have been changed and updated).
